# Privacy Policy for Apex Legends Status Mobile #
Last updated: January 22, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

# Interpretation and Definitions #

## Interpretation ##

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions ##

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

Application refers to Apex Legends Status Mobile, the software program provided by the Company.

Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Apex Legends Status Mobile.

Country refers to: Turkey

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Application.

Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data ##

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information is only limited to:

Email address (in order to report a problem or a recommendation)

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We do not collect certain information the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We do not collect information that Your browser sends whenever You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

## Use of Your Personal Data ##

The Company do not use Personal Data since it does not collect.

## Links to Other Websites ##

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site / application if it is installed on the device. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via updates on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us ##

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: sagredina@gmail.com
